Unprompted Auth: Update to use cases and concerns about super-cookies (#2470)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-unprompted-auth.md

exposing the fact that it serves resources that require authentication. This
document proposes a new non-probeable cryptographic authentication scheme.

Unprompted Authentication serves use cases in which a site wants to offer a
service or capability only to "those who know" while all others are given no
indication the service or capability exists. The conceptual model is that of a

> "speakeasy". "Knowing" is via an externally-defined mechanism by which user
> identifiers are distributed. For example, a company might offer remote employee

Author: ```suggestion
"speakeasy". "Knowing" is via an externally-defined mechanism by which
keys are distributed. For example, a company might offer remote employee
```

> access to company services directly via its website using their employee ID, or

Author: ```suggestion
access to company services directly via its website using their employee credentials, or
```

offer access to limited special capabilities for specific employees, while
making discovering (probing for) such capabilities difficult. Members of

> less well-defined communities might more ephemeral identifiers to acquire access

Author: ```suggestion
less well-defined communities might use more ephemeral keys to acquire access
```

to geography- or capability-specific resources, as issued by an entity whose

> user base is larger than the available resources can support (by that entity

Author: ```suggestion
user base is larger than the available resources can support (by having that entity
```

> metering the availability of user identifiers temporally or geographically).

Author: ```suggestion
metering the availability of keys temporally or geographically).
```

symmetric or asymmetric MUST NOT be reused in other protocols. Doing so can
undermine the security guarantees of the authentication.

> Sites offering Unprompted Authentication are able to link requests from
> individuals clients via the Authentication Schemes provided. However,

Author: ```suggestion
Sites offering Unprompted Authentication are able to link requests that
use the same key for the Authentication Schemes provided. However,
```

> requests are not linkable across other sites if the credentials used are

Author: ```suggestion
requests are not linkable across other sites if the keys used are
```
